The first myth to 'dash' is that ties do not automatically give the house
a win. A blackjack is a 21 accomplished with the first two cards dealt to any
player. A blackjack for a player is an automatic win with an extra table multiplier,
even if the dealer also has a blackjack.

A blackjack for the dealer is an automatic win against any player without
a blackjack. However, if the dealer has an ace, a 10, or a face card showing,
players will be given the opportunity to place an 'insurance' bet that the
dealer has a blackjack. So, players can still 'win' against a dealer blackjack.

If a player other than the dealer has a pair, they will be offered the option
to split the pair into two hands. The second hand is called a 'split hand'.
With a split, blackjack is no longer possible, but you can still beat the dealer
twice potentially.

In a tie score with the dealer, the hand is considerd a draw. Neither the
dealer nor the tying player loses the bet.

All cards are drawn from a six deck shoe. This is literally a random
rearrangement of six fifty-two card decks. Two cards are dealt to each player,
including the dealer. The dealer's first card is dealt facedown, but all others
are dealt face up. They are also given a score as cards are added to the hands.

Scoring is the face value of the card with these exceptions: Face cards are 10 
points and Aces can be 1 or 11. The soft score checks to see if a playable hand
can be made with at least one ace scored as 11. The hard score treats any ace as
a 1. So, a blackjack has a soft score of 21 and a hard score of 11. Its
significance is that it occurred with the first two cards to the player. With
hands that have no aces, both scores will be equal.

Betting and the round takes place as as follows:

Before any cards are dealt, an initial bet is made by each player.
It must be at least the table minimum and not greater than the table maximum.
After two cards have been dealt, players have the option of doubling down if they
do not have a blackjack already (see previous rules about automatic wins). Doubling
down means that the player may bet up to their original bet  (doubling the bet) even
if the amount of the new bet goes over the table limit. A zero bet at this point is
taken as the player changing their minds about doubling down. If a player has a pair
and opts to split their hand, a new bet must be made on the 'split' hand subject to
the same rules. Two cards, one for each hand, are dealt, and the player may double 
down on either hand if they wish. A split only happens once per player per round.

Once two cards have been dealt and initial blackjacks and splits are taken care
of, each player is asked if they want a 'hit' or 'stand'. Each time a player replies
'hit', they will be dealt another card and their new hand rescored. So long as their
'hard' score remains 21 or less, their hand is considered playable. If their hard
score ever exceeds 21, they bust and lose automatically, even if the dealer busts
later in the round. Once a player replies 'stand', that hand will receive no further
cards. If the player has a split hand, the process repeats for their second hand.

Once all players have either busted or stopped with a playable hand, the dealer's
turn begins. First, the dealer reveals the facedown or 'hold' card. If the dealer has
a blackjack, all remaining hands lose, and any players with insurance bets win those
bets. If the dealer does not have a blackjack, the dealer must take 'hits' (dealt
cards) until their hard score reaches at least 17 or busts. If the dealer has a soft
score between 17 and 21 and a hard score under 17, the dealer will take additional
cards until their hard score exceeds 17 or their soft score beats at least one
remaining player's score. Any time the dealer busts, all players with playable hands
win their bets automatically.

If all players busted in their turn, the dealer is required only to reveal their
hold card, as the dealer wins automatically. All insurance bets will still payout on
a dealer blackjack.

Players at the table may leave after a round and they get a score at the end which is
equal to their remaining bank.

Now, this is a video game. To make it a little more interesting, players may stay in
the game until the dealer's bank is broken. Then, the player with the highest bank
wins, but, in reality, all of the players at the table just 'Beat the Bank'.