This game adheres to the casino rules for Blackjack. It also has a few
extra rules, since it is a video game. The primary purpose of the game is to
pit your three 'players' against the Casino's dealers and break the bank at
a table in the Casino. Succeeding in doing so or at least having a player
survive enough rounds without breaking their own bank by losing too often
will open up playing against tables with larger banks, and often, with much
better player Blackjack payouts.

There are four types of tables which are also the names player skill levels.
These are:
	STARTER(or beginner): lowest stakes, better blackjack payouts,
	NORMAL: moderate stakes, bigger banks, good blackjack payouts,
	SPECIAL EVENTS: higher stakes, bigger banks, very good blackjack payouts,
	HIGH ROLLER: highest stakes, largest banks, best blackjack payouts.
A player must survive enough rounds in a single game at a particular table
type to 'level up' their skill to the next table type. The number increases
with each higher graduation. A second way to advance is for the player to
be playing at the table when the 'team' of players breaks the dealer's bank.

At the end of any round of play, the user can pull the player from the table.
The best reason is to keep them from losing their bank and/or being eliminated
from the game. Players who 'leave the table' will be saved when the game ends
just like any other surviving players. The caveat is that they cannot return
to play until the next game. NOTE: While the game in later phases of a round
prevents players from splitting hands or making insurance bets without enough
in their bank to cover them, at the START of a round, any player who cannot
cover the table minimum ante bet WILL BE ELIMINATED IF THE USER DOES NOT
REMOVE THEM.

All players must ante up at the beginning of each round. A dialog box
will appear for you to enter the player's initial bet (or ante). It must be
sufficient for table minimum, but not exceed the maximum. It also sets the
maximum bet for the hand (see Casino Rules as well).

When prompted to 'Hit' or 'Stand', hit the 'H' or 'S' key. That will answer
the request. This will happen for the player's normal hand and for a split
hand if the player has one.

If you are asked a Yes or No question, the YES and NO buttons will light up.
Mouse click your choice of button or the 'Y' or 'N' key. The Y/N questions
are:
	1) splitting your hand into two hands when you have a pair
	2) pulling the player from the table at the end of a round
	3) making an insurance bet because the Dealer has a ten or an ace
	
If you need help, mouse click the 'INFO' button or press the 'I' key. You
will see this text again.